Last login: Mon Feb 17 08:24:52 on console
arsc-7051419:~ astrose$ ssh astrose@trestles.uark.edu
astrose@trestles.uark.edu's password: 
Last login: Mon Feb 10 23:53:06 2020 from zenlb4
Currently Loaded Modulefiles:
  1) os/el6
tres-l2:astrose:~$ scp ~/Desktop/watermelon_files /storage/astros/
cp: cannot stat `/home/astrose/Desktop/watermelon_files': No such file or directory
tres-l2:astrose:~$ scp ~/Desktop/watermelon_files /storage/astrose/
cp: cannot stat `/home/astrose/Desktop/watermelon_files': No such file or directory
tres-l2:astrose:~$ scp r ~/Desktop/watermelon_files /storage/astrose/
cp: cannot stat `r': No such file or directory
cp: cannot stat `/home/astrose/Desktop/watermelon_files': No such file or directory
tres-l2:astrose:~$ scp r watermelon_files /storage/astrose/
cp: cannot stat `r': No such file or directory
cp: cannot stat `watermelon_files': No such file or directory
tres-l2:astrose:~$ scp -r watermelon_files /storage/astrose/
cp: cannot stat `watermelon_files': No such file or directory
tres-l2:astrose:~$ pwd
/home/astrose
tres-l2:astrose:~$ cd storage
-bash: cd: storage: No such file or directory
tres-l2:astrose:~$ cd /storage
tres-l2:astrose:/storage$ ls -al
total 24
drwxr-xr-x   2 root root 20480 Feb 17 09:30 .
drwxr-xr-x. 35 root root  4096 Oct 20 13:45 ..
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 aakbarz -> /scrfs/storage/aakbarz
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 24 14:00 aakhalaf -> //scrfs/storage/aakhalaf
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 aalbrak -> /scrfs/storage/aalbrak
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    25 Jan  7 12:57 aaronmshew -> /scrfs/storage/aaronmshew
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 aashwani -> /scrfs/storage/aashwani
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 abooker -> /scrfs/storage/abooker
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 ac032 -> /scrfs/storage/ac032
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 aciraduk -> /scrfs/storage/aciraduk
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 acmiccic -> /scrfs/storage/acmiccic
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 adenduku -> /scrfs/storage/adenduku
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 adowling -> /scrfs/storage/adowling
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 aembaye -> /scrfs/storage/aembaye
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 aewoessn -> /scrfs/storage/aewoessn
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan 28 15:42 af027 -> //scrfs/storage/af027
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 afakhar -> /scrfs/storage/afakhar
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Feb 10 12:25 afjules -> //scrfs/storage/afjules
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 agaraysi -> /scrfs/storage/agaraysi
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 aghahari -> /scrfs/storage/aghahari
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 agn001 -> /scrfs/storage/agn001
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 ah080 -> /scrfs/storage/ah080
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 ahasan -> /scrfs/storage/ahasan
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 ahhzzazi -> /scrfs/storage/ahhzzazi
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 aijiemao -> /scrfs/storage/aijiemao
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 aj013 -> /scrfs/storage/aj013
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    18 Jan  7 12:57 aja -> /scrfs/storage/aja
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 aje004 -> /scrfs/storage/aje004
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 albertdu -> /scrfs/storage/albertdu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 aleaton -> /scrfs/storage/aleaton
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 alexamay -> /scrfs/storage/alexamay
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 andrewhe -> //scrfs/storage/andrewhe
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 anschole -> /scrfs/storage/anschole
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 ao006 -> /scrfs/storage/ao006
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 aoomolew -> /scrfs/storage/aoomolew
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 apandit -> /scrfs/storage/apandit
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 apereira -> /scrfs/storage/apereira
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 apkreula -> //scrfs/storage/apkreula
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 apolasa -> /scrfs/storage/apolasa
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 arb015 -> /scrfs/storage/arb015
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 arg008 -> /scrfs/storage/arg008
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 argibson -> /scrfs/storage/argibson
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 24 09:58 ariannat -> //scrfs/storage/ariannat
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 arlitmer -> /scrfs/storage/arlitmer
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 arnold -> /scrfs/storage/arnold
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 artchao -> /scrfs/storage/artchao
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 asadi -> /scrfs/storage/asadi
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 asametep -> /scrfs/storage/asametep
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 ashariff -> /scrfs/storage/ashariff
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 asheiban -> /scrfs/storage/asheiban
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 ashi -> /scrfs/storage/ashi
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 asmobari -> /scrfs/storage/asmobari
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Feb  5 10:09 astrose -> //scrfs/storage/astrose
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 asyousuf -> /scrfs/storage/asyousuf
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 athoropp -> /scrfs/storage/athoropp
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 aurashid -> /scrfs/storage/aurashid
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 axganne -> /scrfs/storage/axganne
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 axk018 -> /scrfs/storage/axk018
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 az002 -> /scrfs/storage/az002
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 azhasik -> /scrfs/storage/azhasik
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 baalkhal -> /scrfs/storage/baalkhal
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 bafuente -> /scrfs/storage/bafuente
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 barabote -> /scrfs/storage/barabote
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 bcc012 -> /scrfs/storage/bcc012
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    18 Jan  7 12:57 bcg -> /scrfs/storage/bcg
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 bchun -> /scrfs/storage/bchun
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 bcsicair -> /scrfs/storage/bcsicair
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 bddhillo -> /scrfs/storage/bddhillo
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 binxu -> /scrfs/storage/binxu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 binzuo -> /scrfs/storage/binzuo
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 bista -> /scrfs/storage/bista
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 bjj003 -> /scrfs/storage/bjj003
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 bjm009 -> /scrfs/storage/bjm009
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 bkhatri -> /scrfs/storage/bkhatri
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 bkong -> /scrfs/storage/bkong
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 blevine -> /scrfs/storage/blevine
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 29 10:16 bmbogner -> //scrfs/storage/bmbogner
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 bmmorris -> /scrfs/storage/bmmorris
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 bmohamma -> /scrfs/storage/bmohamma
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    18 Jan  7 12:57 bms -> /scrfs/storage/bms
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 22 10:01 bmshipma -> //scrfs/storage/bmshipma
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Feb 17 09:30 bnj011 -> //scrfs/storage/bnj011
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 boma -> /scrfs/storage/boma
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 bothinah -> /scrfs/storage/bothinah
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 bregmi -> /scrfs/storage/bregmi
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 btm002 -> /scrfs/storage/btm002
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 bwdearin -> //scrfs/storage/bwdearin
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 bxa015 -> /scrfs/storage/bxa015
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 cah012 -> /scrfs/storage/cah012
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 capareti -> //scrfs/storage/capareti
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 capryor -> /scrfs/storage/capryor
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan 28 15:42 cbboard -> //scrfs/storage/cbboard
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 cbgargas -> /scrfs/storage/cbgargas
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 ccarnold -> /scrfs/storage/ccarnold
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 ccbasset -> /scrfs/storage/ccbasset
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 cch010 -> /scrfs/storage/cch010
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 ceballos -> /scrfs/storage/ceballos
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    18 Jan  7 12:57 cer -> /scrfs/storage/cer
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 cesteven -> /scrfs/storage/cesteven
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan 28 15:42 cez001 -> //scrfs/storage/cez001
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 cfeng -> /scrfs/storage/cfeng
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 cgoolsby -> /scrfs/storage/cgoolsby
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan 28 15:42 ch085 -> //scrfs/storage/ch085
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 changliu -> /scrfs/storage/changliu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 chenj -> /scrfs/storage/chenj
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan 28 15:52 cheo -> //scrfs/storage/cheo
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 cibasset -> /scrfs/storage/cibasset
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 cjbrazel -> /scrfs/storage/cjbrazel
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 cjhacket -> /scrfs/storage/cjhacket
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 cl004 -> /scrfs/storage/cl004
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 clh028 -> /scrfs/storage/clh028
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 clheymsf -> /scrfs/storage/clheymsf
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan 21 14:05 clstacy -> //scrfs/storage/clstacy
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan 28 15:42 cmr043 -> //scrfs/storage/cmr043
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 cphopper -> /scrfs/storage/cphopper
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 crb025 -> /scrfs/storage/crb025
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 crkessen -> /scrfs/storage/crkessen
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 csdunn -> /scrfs/storage/csdunn
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan 28 15:42 csm012 -> //scrfs/storage/csm012
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 ctlindbl -> /scrfs/storage/ctlindbl
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 ctrawson -> /scrfs/storage/ctrawson
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 cx002 -> /scrfs/storage/cx002
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 cxg040 -> /scrfs/storage/cxg040
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 cxj025 -> /scrfs/storage/cxj025
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 daernst -> /scrfs/storage/daernst
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan 28 15:42 darusse -> //scrfs/storage/darusse
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 datrinh -> /scrfs/storage/datrinh
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 daveford -> /scrfs/storage/daveford
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 dazhang -> /scrfs/storage/dazhang
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 dbrewer -> /scrfs/storage/dbrewer
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 dchaffin -> /scrfs/storage/dchaffin
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 dcrowett -> //scrfs/storage/dcrowett
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 ddwhite -> /scrfs/storage/ddwhite
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 dgcatanz -> /scrfs/storage/dgcatanz
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 dhader -> /scrfs/storage/dhader
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 djmancia -> //scrfs/storage/djmancia
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 djo001 -> /scrfs/storage/djo001
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 dkdittoe -> /scrfs/storage/dkdittoe
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan 28 15:42 dkhanal -> //scrfs/storage/dkhanal
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 dkoh -> /scrfs/storage/dkoh
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 dlc025 -> /scrfs/storage/dlc025
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 dllarkin -> /scrfs/storage/dllarkin
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 dmaynard -> /scrfs/storage/dmaynard
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 dmklein -> /scrfs/storage/dmklein
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 dpsamart -> /scrfs/storage/dpsamart
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 drhoads -> /scrfs/storage/drhoads
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 dshurd -> /scrfs/storage/dshurd
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 dskiser -> /scrfs/storage/dskiser
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 dsogden -> /scrfs/storage/dsogden
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan 28 15:42 dt003 -> //scrfs/storage/dt003
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 dtchuink -> /scrfs/storage/dtchuink
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 29 10:59 dtvanbus -> //scrfs/storage/dtvanbus
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 dwalters -> /scrfs/storage/dwalters
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 dxf04 -> /scrfs/storage/dxf04
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 dz009 -> /scrfs/storage/dz009
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 eapalmer -> /scrfs/storage/eapalmer
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 21 13:19 eapinsee -> //scrfs/storage/eapinsee
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 ebmonson -> /scrfs/storage/ebmonson
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 ebradfor -> /scrfs/storage/ebradfor
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 efalcone -> /scrfs/storage/efalcone
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 ekhtan -> /scrfs/storage/ekhtan
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 ektamez -> /scrfs/storage/ektamez
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 elon -> /scrfs/storage/elon
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 emeng -> /scrfs/storage/emeng
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 emnorris -> //scrfs/storage/emnorris
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 enidhu -> /scrfs/storage/enidhu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 erhagen -> /scrfs/storage/erhagen
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 esandhar -> /scrfs/storage/esandhar
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Feb  3 13:35 esheikhs -> //scrfs/storage/esheikhs
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 esten -> /scrfs/storage/esten
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan 17 12:38 eta003 -> //scrfs/storage/eta003
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 etozment -> /scrfs/storage/etozment
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 eufrasio -> /scrfs/storage/eufrasio
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 evledieu -> /scrfs/storage/evledieu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 ewesterm -> /scrfs/storage/ewesterm
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 eyehuala -> /scrfs/storage/eyehuala
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 faysmith -> /scrfs/storage/faysmith
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 fdeng -> /scrfs/storage/fdeng
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 fengwang -> /scrfs/storage/fengwang
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 feye -> /scrfs/storage/feye
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 fgcarbon -> /scrfs/storage/fgcarbon
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 fharerim -> /scrfs/storage/fharerim
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 fkong -> /scrfs/storage/fkong
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 14 15:10 flsohnou -> //scrfs/storage/flsohnou
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 ga008 -> /scrfs/storage/ga008
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 21 15:29 gaagcaoi -> //scrfs/storage/gaagcaoi
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 gaobo -> /scrfs/storage/gaobo
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 gb005 -> /scrfs/storage/gb005
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan 28 15:42 gbglenn -> //scrfs/storage/gbglenn
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 gbsong -> /scrfs/storage/gbsong
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 gehirzel -> /scrfs/storage/gehirzel
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 gggranho -> /scrfs/storage/gggranho
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 gholmes -> /scrfs/storage/gholmes
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 gkalyonc -> /scrfs/storage/gkalyonc
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 gli01 -> /scrfs/storage/gli01
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 gmdelgad -> //scrfs/storage/gmdelgad
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 gordonb -> /scrfs/storage/gordonb
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 gpetris -> /scrfs/storage/gpetris
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan 28 15:42 grglynn -> //scrfs/storage/grglynn
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 24 13:30 griffmcd -> //scrfs/storage/griffmcd
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 gs022 -> /scrfs/storage/gs022
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 halquras -> /scrfs/storage/halquras
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan 28 13:22 hanhu -> //scrfs/storage/hanhu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 haotian -> /scrfs/storage/haotian
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 heb001 -> /scrfs/storage/heb001
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    18 Jan  7 12:57 hfu -> /scrfs/storage/hfu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 hj020 -> /scrfs/storage/hj020
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 hlford -> /scrfs/storage/hlford
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 hnorth -> /scrfs/storage/hnorth
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 hongguo -> /scrfs/storage/hongguo
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan 28 15:42 hp011 -> //scrfs/storage/hp011
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan 28 15:42 hpdunn -> //scrfs/storage/hpdunn
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 hramser -> /scrfs/storage/hramser
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 hsrag -> /scrfs/storage/hsrag
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 hstanchu -> /scrfs/storage/hstanchu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 htbui -> /scrfs/storage/htbui
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 huazhong -> /scrfs/storage/huazhong
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 hueonlee -> /scrfs/storage/hueonlee
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 hx002 -> /scrfs/storage/hx002
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 hz001 -> /scrfs/storage/hz001
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 iaseptia -> /scrfs/storage/iaseptia
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 iniyonsh -> /scrfs/storage/iniyonsh
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 inookaew -> /scrfs/storage/inookaew
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 iorizu -> /scrfs/storage/iorizu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 itzaneta -> /scrfs/storage/itzaneta
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 jaford -> /scrfs/storage/jaford
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 jahughes -> /scrfs/storage/jahughes
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 jamcgari -> /scrfs/storage/jamcgari
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 james -> /scrfs/storage/james
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Feb 10 09:50 jamolina -> //scrfs/storage/jamolina
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 jarojas -> /scrfs/storage/jarojas
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 jbherzog -> /scrfs/storage/jbherzog
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Feb 10 12:25 jboyko -> //scrfs/storage/jboyko
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 jbpicken -> /scrfs/storage/jbpicken
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 jc113 -> /scrfs/storage/jc113
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 jc118 -> /scrfs/storage/jc118
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 21 15:29 jcalumba -> //scrfs/storage/jcalumba
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 jcconnol -> /scrfs/storage/jcconnol
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 jch051 -> /scrfs/storage/jch051
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 jchai -> /scrfs/storage/jchai
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 jchakhal -> /scrfs/storage/jchakhal
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 jcothre -> /scrfs/storage/jcothre
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 jcrawley -> /scrfs/storage/jcrawley
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 jd032 -> /scrfs/storage/jd032
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 jd033 -> /scrfs/storage/jd033
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 jdarvill -> /scrfs/storage/jdarvill
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 jdh035 -> /scrfs/storage/jdh035
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 jdj027 -> /scrfs/storage/jdj027
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 jduffiel -> /scrfs/storage/jduffiel
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 jeff -> /scrfs/storage/jeff
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 jehand -> /scrfs/storage/jehand
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 jgauch -> /scrfs/storage/jgauch
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 jgilbedo -> /scrfs/storage/jgilbedo
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 jhbarfie -> /scrfs/storage/jhbarfie
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 jicun -> /scrfs/storage/jicun
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 jisantos -> /scrfs/storage/jisantos
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 jkim -> /scrfs/storage/jkim
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 23 14:25 jlmorten -> //scrfs/storage/jlmorten
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 jlreagan -> /scrfs/storage/jlreagan
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 jm056 -> /scrfs/storage/jm056
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 jmartin -> /scrfs/storage/jmartin
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 jmbeals -> /scrfs/storage/jmbeals
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 jmc045 -> /scrfs/storage/jmc045
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 jmkasitz -> //scrfs/storage/jmkasitz
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 jmmangum -> /scrfs/storage/jmmangum
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 jokinsey -> /scrfs/storage/jokinsey
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 jonjohn -> /scrfs/storage/jonjohn
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 jonk -> /scrfs/storage/jonk
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 jpsimpso -> /scrfs/storage/jpsimpso
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 jpummil -> /scrfs/storage/jpummil
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan 28 15:42 jrb045 -> //scrfs/storage/jrb045
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 jrtipton -> /scrfs/storage/jrtipton
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 jt008 -> /scrfs/storage/jt008
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 jt031 -> /scrfs/storage/jt031
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 jtburbri -> /scrfs/storage/jtburbri
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 jtfox -> /scrfs/storage/jtfox
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 jtjack -> /scrfs/storage/jtjack
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 julianf -> /scrfs/storage/julianf
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan  7 12:57 juntaosdu -> /scrfs/storage/juntaosdu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 jv002 -> /scrfs/storage/jv002
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 jvillano -> /scrfs/storage/jvillano
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan 27 15:47 jweese -> //scrfs/storage/jweese
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 jwillson -> /scrfs/storage/jwillson
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 jwwolf -> /scrfs/storage/jwwolf
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 jxo001 -> /scrfs/storage/jxo001
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 jzhao77 -> /scrfs/storage/jzhao77
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 kahadi -> /scrfs/storage/kahadi
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 kalyanci -> /scrfs/storage/kalyanci
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 karmaw -> /scrfs/storage/karmaw
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan 24 13:30 katemcd -> //scrfs/storage/katemcd
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan 27 13:24 kb013 -> //scrfs/storage/kb013
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 kdallee -> /scrfs/storage/kdallee
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 kdenike -> /scrfs/storage/kdenike
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 kdwilich -> //scrfs/storage/kdwilich
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 kedupree -> /scrfs/storage/kedupree
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan 28 15:42 kem021 -> //scrfs/storage/kem021
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 kevinrob -> /scrfs/storage/kevinrob
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 kfdupuyr -> /scrfs/storage/kfdupuyr
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 kilyanek -> /scrfs/storage/kilyanek
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 kjdoore -> /scrfs/storage/kjdoore
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 kjjudy -> /scrfs/storage/kjjudy
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 kjleong -> /scrfs/storage/kjleong
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan 28 15:42 kkd002 -> //scrfs/storage/kkd002
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan 28 15:42 kl025 -> //scrfs/storage/kl025
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 klian -> /scrfs/storage/klian
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 kmdowney -> /scrfs/storage/kmdowney
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 knwieder -> /scrfs/storage/knwieder
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 koltes -> /scrfs/storage/koltes
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 komorris -> //scrfs/storage/komorris
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 ksulliv -> /scrfs/storage/ksulliv
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 kusum -> /scrfs/storage/kusum
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 kwolinsk -> /scrfs/storage/kwolinsk
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 kwparks -> /scrfs/storage/kwparks
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 kypatel -> /scrfs/storage/kypatel
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 laurent -> /scrfs/storage/laurent
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan 28 15:42 lcb005 -> //scrfs/storage/lcb005
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 ld002 -> /scrfs/storage/ld002
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan 28 15:42 ldeboer -> //scrfs/storage/ldeboer
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan 29 21:31 lehmer -> //scrfs/storage/lehmer
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 lem016 -> /scrfs/storage/lem016
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 lewisja -> /scrfs/storage/lewisja
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 lmsublet -> /scrfs/storage/lmsublet
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 losey -> /scrfs/storage/losey
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 lzhang -> /scrfs/storage/lzhang
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 lzhuang -> /scrfs/storage/lzhuang
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 maabba -> /scrfs/storage/maabba
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 maabrego -> /scrfs/storage/maabrego
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mabdulsa -> /scrfs/storage/mabdulsa
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mablanch -> /scrfs/storage/mablanch
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mafielde -> /scrfs/storage/mafielde
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 magda -> /scrfs/storage/magda
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 maggiehe -> /scrfs/storage/maggiehe
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 mahayat -> /scrfs/storage/mahayat
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan 28 15:42 makabir -> //scrfs/storage/makabir
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mattclay -> /scrfs/storage/mattclay
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 mbangs -> /scrfs/storage/mbangs
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 mbwise -> /scrfs/storage/mbwise
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mcervell -> /scrfs/storage/mcervell
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mchander -> /scrfs/storage/mchander
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 mcoving -> /scrfs/storage/mcoving
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan 28 15:42 mcw030 -> //scrfs/storage/mcw030
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mdadashi -> /scrfs/storage/mdadashi
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mdcarnes -> /scrfs/storage/mdcarnes
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mearmour -> /scrfs/storage/mearmour
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 med1 -> /scrfs/storage/med1
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 meluvisi -> //scrfs/storage/meluvisi
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mgbrownd -> /scrfs/storage/mgbrownd
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 mhasan -> /scrfs/storage/mhasan
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mhheydar -> /scrfs/storage/mhheydar
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mhossain -> /scrfs/storage/mhossain
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 mjblair -> /scrfs/storage/mjblair
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 mjm052 -> /scrfs/storage/mjm052
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 mkk006 -> /scrfs/storage/mkk006
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mlbernha -> /scrfs/storage/mlbernha
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 mle002 -> /scrfs/storage/mle002
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mleveran -> /scrfs/storage/mleveran
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 mlgallow -> //scrfs/storage/mlgallow
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 mlong -> /scrfs/storage/mlong
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mlworthi -> /scrfs/storage/mlworthi
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mmaccart -> /scrfs/storage/mmaccart
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 mmartin -> /scrfs/storage/mmartin
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mmatlock -> /scrfs/storage/mmatlock
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mmehboud -> /scrfs/storage/mmehboud
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mmontaze -> /scrfs/storage/mmontaze
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 moalmaha -> /scrfs/storage/moalmaha
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 moradi -> /scrfs/storage/moradi
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 mparks -> /scrfs/storage/mparks
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mpbrowne -> /scrfs/storage/mpbrowne
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 mqhuang -> /scrfs/storage/mqhuang
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 mrd1 -> /scrfs/storage/mrd1
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mrobeson -> /scrfs/storage/mrobeson
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 mrs018 -> /scrfs/storage/mrs018
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 mshartst -> //scrfs/storage/mshartst
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 13 10:42 msibrahi -> //scrfs/storage/msibrahi
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mtbenton -> /scrfs/storage/mtbenton
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 mtennant -> //scrfs/storage/mtennant
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mussmann -> /scrfs/storage/mussmann
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan 28 15:42 mvpanis -> //scrfs/storage/mvpanis
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 myasodha -> /scrfs/storage/myasodha
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 mzkhan -> /scrfs/storage/mzkhan
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 mzou -> /scrfs/storage/mzou
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 nair -> /scrfs/storage/nair
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 nallison -> /scrfs/storage/nallison
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 napulu -> /scrfs/storage/napulu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 narayani -> /scrfs/storage/narayani
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 nburgos -> /scrfs/storage/nburgos
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 nchemby -> /scrfs/storage/nchemby
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 nenayaty -> /scrfs/storage/nenayaty
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 ng018 -> /scrfs/storage/ng018
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 ngcolucc -> //scrfs/storage/ngcolucc
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    25 Jan  7 12:57 nlakkaniga -> /scrfs/storage/nlakkaniga
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 nobaycik -> /scrfs/storage/nobaycik
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 nvohra -> /scrfs/storage/nvohra
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 okwizera -> /scrfs/storage/okwizera
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 omids -> /scrfs/storage/omids
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 osanabri -> //scrfs/storage/osanabri
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 paillard -> /scrfs/storage/paillard
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 pbandeka -> /scrfs/storage/pbandeka
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 pbhasik -> /scrfs/storage/pbhasik
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 pc011 -> /scrfs/storage/pc011
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 pcavines -> /scrfs/storage/pcavines
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Feb 13 14:09 phucphan -> //scrfs/storage/phucphan
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 piroonj -> /scrfs/storage/piroonj
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 pjicalia -> /scrfs/storage/pjicalia
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 pjwoods -> /scrfs/storage/pjwoods
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 plm02 -> /scrfs/storage/plm02
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 pmillett -> /scrfs/storage/pmillett
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Feb 10 12:25 pmmonter -> //scrfs/storage/pmmonter
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 pmpysz -> /scrfs/storage/pmpysz
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 pmrubine -> /scrfs/storage/pmrubine
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 pqs1 -> /scrfs/storage/pqs1
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 pradeepk -> /scrfs/storage/pradeepk
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan  7 12:57 prokhores -> /scrfs/storage/prokhores
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 psokoto -> /scrfs/storage/psokoto
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 pulay -> /scrfs/storage/pulay
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 pwolinsk -> /scrfs/storage/pwolinsk
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    18 Jan  7 12:57 pyu -> /scrfs/storage/pyu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 qpan -> /scrfs/storage/qpan
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Feb  4 11:46 quanmai -> //scrfs/storage/quanmai
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 qz008 -> /scrfs/storage/qz008
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 radhikar -> /scrfs/storage/radhikar
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 raelia -> /scrfs/storage/raelia
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan 28 15:42 ras016 -> //scrfs/storage/ras016
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 raungar -> /scrfs/storage/raungar
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 rcoridan -> /scrfs/storage/rcoridan
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 rehaleoo -> /scrfs/storage/rehaleoo
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 rehardma -> /scrfs/storage/rehardma
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan  7 12:57 remiarras -> /scrfs/storage/remiarras
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 rgpalmer -> /scrfs/storage/rgpalmer
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 rguttarw -> /scrfs/storage/rguttarw
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 rharris -> /scrfs/storage/rharris
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 rhmanso -> /scrfs/storage/rhmanso
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 rkmandal -> /scrfs/storage/rkmandal
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 rlromo -> /scrfs/storage/rlromo
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 rmrashid -> //scrfs/storage/rmrashid
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 rmshumat -> /scrfs/storage/rmshumat
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 rmsnyder -> //scrfs/storage/rmsnyder
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 rossetti -> /scrfs/storage/rossetti
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 rpilgrim -> /scrfs/storage/rpilgrim
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    18 Jan  7 12:57 rps -> /scrfs/storage/rps
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 rpsander -> /scrfs/storage/rpsander
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 rrsantha -> /scrfs/storage/rrsantha
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 rrwalter -> //scrfs/storage/rrwalter
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 rspacek -> /scrfs/storage/rspacek
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 ruck -> /scrfs/storage/ruck
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 ruiwang -> /scrfs/storage/ruiwang
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 ruixi -> /scrfs/storage/ruixi
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 rwalter -> /scrfs/storage/rwalter
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 24 14:46 rwretnan -> //scrfs/storage/rwretnan
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 ry001 -> /scrfs/storage/ry001
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 ryunakae -> /scrfs/storage/ryunakae
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 saalrash -> /scrfs/storage/saalrash
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    25 Jan  7 12:57 sabhabdari -> /scrfs/storage/sabhabdari
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 sagautam -> /scrfs/storage/sagautam
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 sagrawal -> /scrfs/storage/sagrawal
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 sakarimi -> /scrfs/storage/sakarimi
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 saphinya -> /scrfs/storage/saphinya
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 saw012 -> /scrfs/storage/saw012
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 sbarraza -> /scrfs/storage/sbarraza
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan 28 15:42 scheald -> //scrfs/storage/scheald
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 sdchalla -> /scrfs/storage/sdchalla
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 sdpotdar -> /scrfs/storage/sdpotdar
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 seg013 -> /scrfs/storage/seg013
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 semuller -> /scrfs/storage/semuller
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 sfbaniha -> /scrfs/storage/sfbaniha
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 17 12:38 sfwashbu -> //scrfs/storage/sfwashbu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 shbinom -> /scrfs/storage/shbinom
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 shew -> /scrfs/storage/shew
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 shtabari -> /scrfs/storage/shtabari
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Feb 10 12:25 simontye -> //scrfs/storage/simontye
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 sjun -> /scrfs/storage/sjun
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 sk033 -> /scrfs/storage/sk033
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan 28 15:42 skbyrd -> //scrfs/storage/skbyrd
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 skchewni -> /scrfs/storage/skchewni
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Feb  3 13:35 sllenadu -> //scrfs/storage/sllenadu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 slpieper -> //scrfs/storage/slpieper
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 sm056 -> /scrfs/storage/sm056
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 smalgarn -> /scrfs/storage/smalgarn
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan 28 15:42 smj038 -> //scrfs/storage/smj038
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 sml008 -> /scrfs/storage/sml008
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 snath -> /scrfs/storage/snath
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 snurre -> /scrfs/storage/snurre
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 soldfiel -> /scrfs/storage/soldfiel
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 songfeng -> /scrfs/storage/songfeng
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 sp050 -> /scrfs/storage/sp050
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 spounder -> //scrfs/storage/spounder
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 sppoudel -> /scrfs/storage/sppoudel
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 sprossan -> /scrfs/storage/sprossan
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 sqiu -> /scrfs/storage/sqiu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 srijal -> /scrfs/storage/srijal
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 srlamich -> /scrfs/storage/srlamich
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 sservoss -> /scrfs/storage/sservoss
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 sthalla -> /scrfs/storage/sthalla
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 sv015 -> /scrfs/storage/sv015
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    28 Jan  7 12:57 svchintapalli -> /scrfs/storage/svchintapalli
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 swangmo -> /scrfs/storage/swangmo
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan 28 15:42 swe001 -> //scrfs/storage/swe001
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 sweston -> /scrfs/storage/sweston
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 sxs077 -> /scrfs/storage/sxs077
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    18 Jan  7 12:57 syu -> /scrfs/storage/syu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 tachavez -> /scrfs/storage/tachavez
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    26 Jan  7 12:57 tangyuanhui -> /scrfs/storage/tangyuanhui
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 tasalem -> /scrfs/storage/tasalem
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 tastrang -> /scrfs/storage/tastrang
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 tavillio -> /scrfs/storage/tavillio
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 tbayaraa -> /scrfs/storage/tbayaraa
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 tbbishop -> /scrfs/storage/tbbishop
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 tbui -> /scrfs/storage/tbui
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 tdstout -> /scrfs/storage/tdstout
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 tfkamuch -> /scrfs/storage/tfkamuch
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 tgarner -> /scrfs/storage/tgarner
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 tgoodhar -> /scrfs/storage/tgoodhar
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    18 Jan  7 12:57 the -> /scrfs/storage/the
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 ting -> /scrfs/storage/ting
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 tjandik -> /scrfs/storage/tjandik
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 tjharkey -> /scrfs/storage/tjharkey
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 tjscarbr -> /scrfs/storage/tjscarbr
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 tkaman -> /scrfs/storage/tkaman
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 tkchafin -> /scrfs/storage/tkchafin
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 tnakov -> /scrfs/storage/tnakov
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    18 Jan  7 12:57 tos -> /scrfs/storage/tos
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 tpatra -> /scrfs/storage/tpatra
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 tpkaloni -> /scrfs/storage/tpkaloni
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 trr007 -> /scrfs/storage/trr007
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 ttsai -> /scrfs/storage/ttsai
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 txho -> /scrfs/storage/txho
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 txj001 -> /scrfs/storage/txj001
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 uhisu -> /scrfs/storage/uhisu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 vagrawal -> /scrfs/storage/vagrawal
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 vbhalter -> //scrfs/storage/vbhalter
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 vgovindk -> /scrfs/storage/vgovindk
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 vgreen -> /scrfs/storage/vgreen
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 vibhas -> /scrfs/storage/vibhas
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 vickers -> /scrfs/storage/vickers
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 vvvesm -> /scrfs/storage/vvvesm
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 wader -> /scrfs/storage/wader
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 wamurchi -> /scrfs/storage/wamurchi
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 watt -> /scrfs/storage/watt
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 wdhawkin -> /scrfs/storage/wdhawkin
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 wenboxu -> /scrfs/storage/wenboxu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 wetges -> /scrfs/storage/wetges
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 wgjohns -> /scrfs/storage/wgjohns
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Feb 10 12:25 whkirkpa -> //scrfs/storage/whkirkpa
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 wlfarris -> /scrfs/storage/wlfarris
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 wmccumbe -> /scrfs/storage/wmccumbe
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 wolinski -> /scrfs/storage/wolinski
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 wpharvey -> /scrfs/storage/wpharvey
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 wravelom -> /scrfs/storage/wravelom
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    18 Jan  7 12:57 wuj -> /scrfs/storage/wuj
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan 28 15:42 wws002 -> //scrfs/storage/wws002
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 xl014 -> /scrfs/storage/xl014
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 xl027 -> /scrfs/storage/xl027
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 xqian -> /scrfs/storage/xqian
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 xs005 -> /scrfs/storage/xs005
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 xw010 -> /scrfs/storage/xw010
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan 16 12:04 xw027 -> //scrfs/storage/xw027
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 xxw033 -> /scrfs/storage/xxw033
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 yacummin -> /scrfs/storage/yacummin
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 yaliyang -> /scrfs/storage/yaliyang
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 ychiao -> /scrfs/storage/ychiao
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    18 Jan  7 12:57 ydu -> /scrfs/storage/ydu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 yingyuan -> /scrfs/storage/yingyuan
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 ykwon -> /scrfs/storage/ykwon
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 yl038 -> /scrfs/storage/yl038
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 ynahas -> /scrfs/storage/ynahas
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 yongwang -> /scrfs/storage/yongwang
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 yspatel -> /scrfs/storage/yspatel
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan 27 11:07 ytter -> //scrfs/storage/ytter
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 yuconggu -> /scrfs/storage/yuconggu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 yumyai -> /scrfs/storage/yumyai
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 yxy027 -> /scrfs/storage/yxy027
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 yyrwater -> /scrfs/storage/yyrwater
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 yzhang -> /scrfs/storage/yzhang
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 zdzbinde -> /scrfs/storage/zdzbinde
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 zgui -> /scrfs/storage/zgui
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 zhexizhu -> /scrfs/storage/zhexizhu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 zhma -> /scrfs/storage/zhma
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 zhouw -> /scrfs/storage/zhouw
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 zj004 -> /scrfs/storage/zj004
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 zmohamma -> /scrfs/storage/zmohamma
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 ztpender -> /scrfs/storage/ztpender
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 zymuhamm -> /scrfs/storage/zymuhamm
tres-l2:astrose:/storage$ scp -r watermelon_files /storage/astrose/
cp: cannot stat `watermelon_files': No such file or directory
tres-l2:astrose:/storage$ scp -r ~/Desktop/watermelon_files /storage/astrose/
cp: cannot stat `/home/astrose/Desktop/watermelon_files': No such file or directory
tres-l2:astrose:/storage$ scp -r ~/Desktop/watermelon_files:/storage/astrose/
usage: scp [-1246BCpqrv] [-c cipher] [-F ssh_config] [-i identity_file]
           [-l limit] [-o ssh_option] [-P port] [-S program]
           [[user@]host1:]file1 ... [[user@]host2:]file2
tres-l2:astrose:/storage$ scp -r ~/Desktop/watermelon_files:/storage/astrose
usage: scp [-1246BCpqrv] [-c cipher] [-F ssh_config] [-i identity_file]
           [-l limit] [-o ssh_option] [-P port] [-S program]
           [[user@]host1:]file1 ... [[user@]host2:]file2
tres-l2:astrose:/storage$ scp -r watermelon_files/ astrose@trestles.uark.edu:/storage/astrose
ssh: connect to host trestles.uark.edu port 22: Connection timed out
lost connection
tres-l2:astrose:/storage$ ls -al
total 24
drwxr-xr-x   2 root root 20480 Feb 17 09:30 .
drwxr-xr-x. 35 root root  4096 Oct 20 13:45 ..
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 aakbarz -> /scrfs/storage/aakbarz
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 24 14:00 aakhalaf -> //scrfs/storage/aakhalaf
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 aalbrak -> /scrfs/storage/aalbrak
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    25 Jan  7 12:57 aaronmshew -> /scrfs/storage/aaronmshew
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 aashwani -> /scrfs/storage/aashwani
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 abooker -> /scrfs/storage/abooker
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 ac032 -> /scrfs/storage/ac032
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 aciraduk -> /scrfs/storage/aciraduk
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 acmiccic -> /scrfs/storage/acmiccic
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 adenduku -> /scrfs/storage/adenduku
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 adowling -> /scrfs/storage/adowling
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 aembaye -> /scrfs/storage/aembaye
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 aewoessn -> /scrfs/storage/aewoessn
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan 28 15:42 af027 -> //scrfs/storage/af027
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 afakhar -> /scrfs/storage/afakhar
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Feb 10 12:25 afjules -> //scrfs/storage/afjules
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 agaraysi -> /scrfs/storage/agaraysi
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 aghahari -> /scrfs/storage/aghahari
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 agn001 -> /scrfs/storage/agn001
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 ah080 -> /scrfs/storage/ah080
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 ahasan -> /scrfs/storage/ahasan
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 ahhzzazi -> /scrfs/storage/ahhzzazi
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 aijiemao -> /scrfs/storage/aijiemao
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 aj013 -> /scrfs/storage/aj013
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    18 Jan  7 12:57 aja -> /scrfs/storage/aja
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 aje004 -> /scrfs/storage/aje004
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 albertdu -> /scrfs/storage/albertdu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 aleaton -> /scrfs/storage/aleaton
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 alexamay -> /scrfs/storage/alexamay
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 andrewhe -> //scrfs/storage/andrewhe
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 anschole -> /scrfs/storage/anschole
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 ao006 -> /scrfs/storage/ao006
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 aoomolew -> /scrfs/storage/aoomolew
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 apandit -> /scrfs/storage/apandit
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 apereira -> /scrfs/storage/apereira
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 apkreula -> //scrfs/storage/apkreula
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 apolasa -> /scrfs/storage/apolasa
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 arb015 -> /scrfs/storage/arb015
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 arg008 -> /scrfs/storage/arg008
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 argibson -> /scrfs/storage/argibson
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 24 09:58 ariannat -> //scrfs/storage/ariannat
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 arlitmer -> /scrfs/storage/arlitmer
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 arnold -> /scrfs/storage/arnold
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 artchao -> /scrfs/storage/artchao
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 asadi -> /scrfs/storage/asadi
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 asametep -> /scrfs/storage/asametep
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 ashariff -> /scrfs/storage/ashariff
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 asheiban -> /scrfs/storage/asheiban
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 ashi -> /scrfs/storage/ashi
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 asmobari -> /scrfs/storage/asmobari
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Feb  5 10:09 astrose -> //scrfs/storage/astrose
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 asyousuf -> /scrfs/storage/asyousuf
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 athoropp -> /scrfs/storage/athoropp
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 aurashid -> /scrfs/storage/aurashid
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 axganne -> /scrfs/storage/axganne
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 axk018 -> /scrfs/storage/axk018
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 az002 -> /scrfs/storage/az002
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 azhasik -> /scrfs/storage/azhasik
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 baalkhal -> /scrfs/storage/baalkhal
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 bafuente -> /scrfs/storage/bafuente
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 barabote -> /scrfs/storage/barabote
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 bcc012 -> /scrfs/storage/bcc012
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    18 Jan  7 12:57 bcg -> /scrfs/storage/bcg
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 bchun -> /scrfs/storage/bchun
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 bcsicair -> /scrfs/storage/bcsicair
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 bddhillo -> /scrfs/storage/bddhillo
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 binxu -> /scrfs/storage/binxu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 binzuo -> /scrfs/storage/binzuo
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 bista -> /scrfs/storage/bista
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 bjj003 -> /scrfs/storage/bjj003
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 bjm009 -> /scrfs/storage/bjm009
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 bkhatri -> /scrfs/storage/bkhatri
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 bkong -> /scrfs/storage/bkong
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 blevine -> /scrfs/storage/blevine
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 29 10:16 bmbogner -> //scrfs/storage/bmbogner
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 bmmorris -> /scrfs/storage/bmmorris
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 bmohamma -> /scrfs/storage/bmohamma
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    18 Jan  7 12:57 bms -> /scrfs/storage/bms
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 22 10:01 bmshipma -> //scrfs/storage/bmshipma
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Feb 17 09:30 bnj011 -> //scrfs/storage/bnj011
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 boma -> /scrfs/storage/boma
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 bothinah -> /scrfs/storage/bothinah
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 bregmi -> /scrfs/storage/bregmi
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 btm002 -> /scrfs/storage/btm002
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 bwdearin -> //scrfs/storage/bwdearin
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 bxa015 -> /scrfs/storage/bxa015
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 cah012 -> /scrfs/storage/cah012
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 capareti -> //scrfs/storage/capareti
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 capryor -> /scrfs/storage/capryor
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan 28 15:42 cbboard -> //scrfs/storage/cbboard
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 cbgargas -> /scrfs/storage/cbgargas
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 ccarnold -> /scrfs/storage/ccarnold
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 ccbasset -> /scrfs/storage/ccbasset
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 cch010 -> /scrfs/storage/cch010
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 ceballos -> /scrfs/storage/ceballos
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    18 Jan  7 12:57 cer -> /scrfs/storage/cer
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 cesteven -> /scrfs/storage/cesteven
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan 28 15:42 cez001 -> //scrfs/storage/cez001
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 cfeng -> /scrfs/storage/cfeng
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 cgoolsby -> /scrfs/storage/cgoolsby
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan 28 15:42 ch085 -> //scrfs/storage/ch085
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 changliu -> /scrfs/storage/changliu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 chenj -> /scrfs/storage/chenj
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan 28 15:52 cheo -> //scrfs/storage/cheo
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 cibasset -> /scrfs/storage/cibasset
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 cjbrazel -> /scrfs/storage/cjbrazel
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 cjhacket -> /scrfs/storage/cjhacket
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 cl004 -> /scrfs/storage/cl004
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 clh028 -> /scrfs/storage/clh028
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 clheymsf -> /scrfs/storage/clheymsf
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan 21 14:05 clstacy -> //scrfs/storage/clstacy
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan 28 15:42 cmr043 -> //scrfs/storage/cmr043
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 cphopper -> /scrfs/storage/cphopper
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 crb025 -> /scrfs/storage/crb025
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 crkessen -> /scrfs/storage/crkessen
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 csdunn -> /scrfs/storage/csdunn
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan 28 15:42 csm012 -> //scrfs/storage/csm012
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 ctlindbl -> /scrfs/storage/ctlindbl
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 ctrawson -> /scrfs/storage/ctrawson
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 cx002 -> /scrfs/storage/cx002
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 cxg040 -> /scrfs/storage/cxg040
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 cxj025 -> /scrfs/storage/cxj025
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 daernst -> /scrfs/storage/daernst
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan 28 15:42 darusse -> //scrfs/storage/darusse
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 datrinh -> /scrfs/storage/datrinh
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 daveford -> /scrfs/storage/daveford
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 dazhang -> /scrfs/storage/dazhang
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 dbrewer -> /scrfs/storage/dbrewer
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 dchaffin -> /scrfs/storage/dchaffin
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 dcrowett -> //scrfs/storage/dcrowett
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 ddwhite -> /scrfs/storage/ddwhite
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 dgcatanz -> /scrfs/storage/dgcatanz
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 dhader -> /scrfs/storage/dhader
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 djmancia -> //scrfs/storage/djmancia
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 djo001 -> /scrfs/storage/djo001
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 dkdittoe -> /scrfs/storage/dkdittoe
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan 28 15:42 dkhanal -> //scrfs/storage/dkhanal
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 dkoh -> /scrfs/storage/dkoh
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 dlc025 -> /scrfs/storage/dlc025
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 dllarkin -> /scrfs/storage/dllarkin
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 dmaynard -> /scrfs/storage/dmaynard
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 dmklein -> /scrfs/storage/dmklein
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 dpsamart -> /scrfs/storage/dpsamart
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 drhoads -> /scrfs/storage/drhoads
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 dshurd -> /scrfs/storage/dshurd
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 dskiser -> /scrfs/storage/dskiser
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 dsogden -> /scrfs/storage/dsogden
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan 28 15:42 dt003 -> //scrfs/storage/dt003
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 dtchuink -> /scrfs/storage/dtchuink
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 29 10:59 dtvanbus -> //scrfs/storage/dtvanbus
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 dwalters -> /scrfs/storage/dwalters
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 dxf04 -> /scrfs/storage/dxf04
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 dz009 -> /scrfs/storage/dz009
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 eapalmer -> /scrfs/storage/eapalmer
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 21 13:19 eapinsee -> //scrfs/storage/eapinsee
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 ebmonson -> /scrfs/storage/ebmonson
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 ebradfor -> /scrfs/storage/ebradfor
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 efalcone -> /scrfs/storage/efalcone
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 ekhtan -> /scrfs/storage/ekhtan
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 ektamez -> /scrfs/storage/ektamez
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 elon -> /scrfs/storage/elon
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 emeng -> /scrfs/storage/emeng
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 emnorris -> //scrfs/storage/emnorris
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 enidhu -> /scrfs/storage/enidhu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 erhagen -> /scrfs/storage/erhagen
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 esandhar -> /scrfs/storage/esandhar
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Feb  3 13:35 esheikhs -> //scrfs/storage/esheikhs
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 esten -> /scrfs/storage/esten
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan 17 12:38 eta003 -> //scrfs/storage/eta003
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 etozment -> /scrfs/storage/etozment
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 eufrasio -> /scrfs/storage/eufrasio
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 evledieu -> /scrfs/storage/evledieu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 ewesterm -> /scrfs/storage/ewesterm
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 eyehuala -> /scrfs/storage/eyehuala
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 faysmith -> /scrfs/storage/faysmith
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 fdeng -> /scrfs/storage/fdeng
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 fengwang -> /scrfs/storage/fengwang
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 feye -> /scrfs/storage/feye
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 fgcarbon -> /scrfs/storage/fgcarbon
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 fharerim -> /scrfs/storage/fharerim
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 fkong -> /scrfs/storage/fkong
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 14 15:10 flsohnou -> //scrfs/storage/flsohnou
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 ga008 -> /scrfs/storage/ga008
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 21 15:29 gaagcaoi -> //scrfs/storage/gaagcaoi
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 gaobo -> /scrfs/storage/gaobo
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 gb005 -> /scrfs/storage/gb005
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan 28 15:42 gbglenn -> //scrfs/storage/gbglenn
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 gbsong -> /scrfs/storage/gbsong
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 gehirzel -> /scrfs/storage/gehirzel
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 gggranho -> /scrfs/storage/gggranho
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 gholmes -> /scrfs/storage/gholmes
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 gkalyonc -> /scrfs/storage/gkalyonc
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 gli01 -> /scrfs/storage/gli01
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 gmdelgad -> //scrfs/storage/gmdelgad
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 gordonb -> /scrfs/storage/gordonb
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 gpetris -> /scrfs/storage/gpetris
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan 28 15:42 grglynn -> //scrfs/storage/grglynn
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 24 13:30 griffmcd -> //scrfs/storage/griffmcd
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 gs022 -> /scrfs/storage/gs022
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 halquras -> /scrfs/storage/halquras
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan 28 13:22 hanhu -> //scrfs/storage/hanhu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 haotian -> /scrfs/storage/haotian
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 heb001 -> /scrfs/storage/heb001
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    18 Jan  7 12:57 hfu -> /scrfs/storage/hfu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 hj020 -> /scrfs/storage/hj020
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 hlford -> /scrfs/storage/hlford
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 hnorth -> /scrfs/storage/hnorth
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 hongguo -> /scrfs/storage/hongguo
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan 28 15:42 hp011 -> //scrfs/storage/hp011
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan 28 15:42 hpdunn -> //scrfs/storage/hpdunn
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 hramser -> /scrfs/storage/hramser
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 hsrag -> /scrfs/storage/hsrag
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 hstanchu -> /scrfs/storage/hstanchu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 htbui -> /scrfs/storage/htbui
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 huazhong -> /scrfs/storage/huazhong
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 hueonlee -> /scrfs/storage/hueonlee
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 hx002 -> /scrfs/storage/hx002
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 hz001 -> /scrfs/storage/hz001
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 iaseptia -> /scrfs/storage/iaseptia
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 iniyonsh -> /scrfs/storage/iniyonsh
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 inookaew -> /scrfs/storage/inookaew
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 iorizu -> /scrfs/storage/iorizu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 itzaneta -> /scrfs/storage/itzaneta
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 jaford -> /scrfs/storage/jaford
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 jahughes -> /scrfs/storage/jahughes
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 jamcgari -> /scrfs/storage/jamcgari
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 james -> /scrfs/storage/james
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Feb 10 09:50 jamolina -> //scrfs/storage/jamolina
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 jarojas -> /scrfs/storage/jarojas
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 jbherzog -> /scrfs/storage/jbherzog
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Feb 10 12:25 jboyko -> //scrfs/storage/jboyko
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 jbpicken -> /scrfs/storage/jbpicken
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 jc113 -> /scrfs/storage/jc113
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 jc118 -> /scrfs/storage/jc118
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 21 15:29 jcalumba -> //scrfs/storage/jcalumba
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 jcconnol -> /scrfs/storage/jcconnol
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 jch051 -> /scrfs/storage/jch051
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 jchai -> /scrfs/storage/jchai
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 jchakhal -> /scrfs/storage/jchakhal
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 jcothre -> /scrfs/storage/jcothre
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 jcrawley -> /scrfs/storage/jcrawley
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 jd032 -> /scrfs/storage/jd032
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 jd033 -> /scrfs/storage/jd033
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 jdarvill -> /scrfs/storage/jdarvill
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 jdh035 -> /scrfs/storage/jdh035
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 jdj027 -> /scrfs/storage/jdj027
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 jduffiel -> /scrfs/storage/jduffiel
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 jeff -> /scrfs/storage/jeff
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 jehand -> /scrfs/storage/jehand
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 jgauch -> /scrfs/storage/jgauch
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 jgilbedo -> /scrfs/storage/jgilbedo
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 jhbarfie -> /scrfs/storage/jhbarfie
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 jicun -> /scrfs/storage/jicun
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 jisantos -> /scrfs/storage/jisantos
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 jkim -> /scrfs/storage/jkim
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 23 14:25 jlmorten -> //scrfs/storage/jlmorten
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 jlreagan -> /scrfs/storage/jlreagan
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 jm056 -> /scrfs/storage/jm056
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 jmartin -> /scrfs/storage/jmartin
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 jmbeals -> /scrfs/storage/jmbeals
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 jmc045 -> /scrfs/storage/jmc045
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 jmkasitz -> //scrfs/storage/jmkasitz
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 jmmangum -> /scrfs/storage/jmmangum
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 jokinsey -> /scrfs/storage/jokinsey
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 jonjohn -> /scrfs/storage/jonjohn
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 jonk -> /scrfs/storage/jonk
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 jpsimpso -> /scrfs/storage/jpsimpso
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 jpummil -> /scrfs/storage/jpummil
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan 28 15:42 jrb045 -> //scrfs/storage/jrb045
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 jrtipton -> /scrfs/storage/jrtipton
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 jt008 -> /scrfs/storage/jt008
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 jt031 -> /scrfs/storage/jt031
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 jtburbri -> /scrfs/storage/jtburbri
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 jtfox -> /scrfs/storage/jtfox
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 jtjack -> /scrfs/storage/jtjack
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 julianf -> /scrfs/storage/julianf
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan  7 12:57 juntaosdu -> /scrfs/storage/juntaosdu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 jv002 -> /scrfs/storage/jv002
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 jvillano -> /scrfs/storage/jvillano
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan 27 15:47 jweese -> //scrfs/storage/jweese
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 jwillson -> /scrfs/storage/jwillson
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 jwwolf -> /scrfs/storage/jwwolf
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 jxo001 -> /scrfs/storage/jxo001
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 jzhao77 -> /scrfs/storage/jzhao77
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 kahadi -> /scrfs/storage/kahadi
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 kalyanci -> /scrfs/storage/kalyanci
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 karmaw -> /scrfs/storage/karmaw
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan 24 13:30 katemcd -> //scrfs/storage/katemcd
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan 27 13:24 kb013 -> //scrfs/storage/kb013
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 kdallee -> /scrfs/storage/kdallee
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 kdenike -> /scrfs/storage/kdenike
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 kdwilich -> //scrfs/storage/kdwilich
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 kedupree -> /scrfs/storage/kedupree
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan 28 15:42 kem021 -> //scrfs/storage/kem021
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 kevinrob -> /scrfs/storage/kevinrob
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 kfdupuyr -> /scrfs/storage/kfdupuyr
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 kilyanek -> /scrfs/storage/kilyanek
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 kjdoore -> /scrfs/storage/kjdoore
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 kjjudy -> /scrfs/storage/kjjudy
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 kjleong -> /scrfs/storage/kjleong
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan 28 15:42 kkd002 -> //scrfs/storage/kkd002
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan 28 15:42 kl025 -> //scrfs/storage/kl025
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 klian -> /scrfs/storage/klian
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 kmdowney -> /scrfs/storage/kmdowney
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 knwieder -> /scrfs/storage/knwieder
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 koltes -> /scrfs/storage/koltes
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 komorris -> //scrfs/storage/komorris
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 ksulliv -> /scrfs/storage/ksulliv
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 kusum -> /scrfs/storage/kusum
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 kwolinsk -> /scrfs/storage/kwolinsk
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 kwparks -> /scrfs/storage/kwparks
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 kypatel -> /scrfs/storage/kypatel
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 laurent -> /scrfs/storage/laurent
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan 28 15:42 lcb005 -> //scrfs/storage/lcb005
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 ld002 -> /scrfs/storage/ld002
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan 28 15:42 ldeboer -> //scrfs/storage/ldeboer
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan 29 21:31 lehmer -> //scrfs/storage/lehmer
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 lem016 -> /scrfs/storage/lem016
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 lewisja -> /scrfs/storage/lewisja
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 lmsublet -> /scrfs/storage/lmsublet
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 losey -> /scrfs/storage/losey
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 lzhang -> /scrfs/storage/lzhang
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 lzhuang -> /scrfs/storage/lzhuang
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 maabba -> /scrfs/storage/maabba
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 maabrego -> /scrfs/storage/maabrego
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mabdulsa -> /scrfs/storage/mabdulsa
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mablanch -> /scrfs/storage/mablanch
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mafielde -> /scrfs/storage/mafielde
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 magda -> /scrfs/storage/magda
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 maggiehe -> /scrfs/storage/maggiehe
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 mahayat -> /scrfs/storage/mahayat
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan 28 15:42 makabir -> //scrfs/storage/makabir
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mattclay -> /scrfs/storage/mattclay
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 mbangs -> /scrfs/storage/mbangs
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 mbwise -> /scrfs/storage/mbwise
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mcervell -> /scrfs/storage/mcervell
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mchander -> /scrfs/storage/mchander
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 mcoving -> /scrfs/storage/mcoving
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan 28 15:42 mcw030 -> //scrfs/storage/mcw030
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mdadashi -> /scrfs/storage/mdadashi
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mdcarnes -> /scrfs/storage/mdcarnes
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mearmour -> /scrfs/storage/mearmour
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 med1 -> /scrfs/storage/med1
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 meluvisi -> //scrfs/storage/meluvisi
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mgbrownd -> /scrfs/storage/mgbrownd
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 mhasan -> /scrfs/storage/mhasan
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mhheydar -> /scrfs/storage/mhheydar
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mhossain -> /scrfs/storage/mhossain
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 mjblair -> /scrfs/storage/mjblair
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 mjm052 -> /scrfs/storage/mjm052
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 mkk006 -> /scrfs/storage/mkk006
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mlbernha -> /scrfs/storage/mlbernha
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 mle002 -> /scrfs/storage/mle002
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mleveran -> /scrfs/storage/mleveran
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 mlgallow -> //scrfs/storage/mlgallow
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 mlong -> /scrfs/storage/mlong
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mlworthi -> /scrfs/storage/mlworthi
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mmaccart -> /scrfs/storage/mmaccart
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 mmartin -> /scrfs/storage/mmartin
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mmatlock -> /scrfs/storage/mmatlock
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mmehboud -> /scrfs/storage/mmehboud
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mmontaze -> /scrfs/storage/mmontaze
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 moalmaha -> /scrfs/storage/moalmaha
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 moradi -> /scrfs/storage/moradi
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 mparks -> /scrfs/storage/mparks
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mpbrowne -> /scrfs/storage/mpbrowne
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 mqhuang -> /scrfs/storage/mqhuang
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 mrd1 -> /scrfs/storage/mrd1
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mrobeson -> /scrfs/storage/mrobeson
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 mrs018 -> /scrfs/storage/mrs018
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 mshartst -> //scrfs/storage/mshartst
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 13 10:42 msibrahi -> //scrfs/storage/msibrahi
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mtbenton -> /scrfs/storage/mtbenton
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 mtennant -> //scrfs/storage/mtennant
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 mussmann -> /scrfs/storage/mussmann
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan 28 15:42 mvpanis -> //scrfs/storage/mvpanis
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 myasodha -> /scrfs/storage/myasodha
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 mzkhan -> /scrfs/storage/mzkhan
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 mzou -> /scrfs/storage/mzou
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 nair -> /scrfs/storage/nair
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 nallison -> /scrfs/storage/nallison
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 napulu -> /scrfs/storage/napulu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 narayani -> /scrfs/storage/narayani
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 nburgos -> /scrfs/storage/nburgos
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 nchemby -> /scrfs/storage/nchemby
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 nenayaty -> /scrfs/storage/nenayaty
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 ng018 -> /scrfs/storage/ng018
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 ngcolucc -> //scrfs/storage/ngcolucc
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    25 Jan  7 12:57 nlakkaniga -> /scrfs/storage/nlakkaniga
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 nobaycik -> /scrfs/storage/nobaycik
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 nvohra -> /scrfs/storage/nvohra
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 okwizera -> /scrfs/storage/okwizera
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 omids -> /scrfs/storage/omids
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 osanabri -> //scrfs/storage/osanabri
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 paillard -> /scrfs/storage/paillard
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 pbandeka -> /scrfs/storage/pbandeka
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 pbhasik -> /scrfs/storage/pbhasik
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 pc011 -> /scrfs/storage/pc011
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 pcavines -> /scrfs/storage/pcavines
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Feb 13 14:09 phucphan -> //scrfs/storage/phucphan
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 piroonj -> /scrfs/storage/piroonj
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 pjicalia -> /scrfs/storage/pjicalia
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 pjwoods -> /scrfs/storage/pjwoods
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 plm02 -> /scrfs/storage/plm02
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 pmillett -> /scrfs/storage/pmillett
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Feb 10 12:25 pmmonter -> //scrfs/storage/pmmonter
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 pmpysz -> /scrfs/storage/pmpysz
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 pmrubine -> /scrfs/storage/pmrubine
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 pqs1 -> /scrfs/storage/pqs1
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 pradeepk -> /scrfs/storage/pradeepk
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan  7 12:57 prokhores -> /scrfs/storage/prokhores
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 psokoto -> /scrfs/storage/psokoto
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 pulay -> /scrfs/storage/pulay
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 pwolinsk -> /scrfs/storage/pwolinsk
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    18 Jan  7 12:57 pyu -> /scrfs/storage/pyu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 qpan -> /scrfs/storage/qpan
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Feb  4 11:46 quanmai -> //scrfs/storage/quanmai
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 qz008 -> /scrfs/storage/qz008
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 radhikar -> /scrfs/storage/radhikar
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 raelia -> /scrfs/storage/raelia
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan 28 15:42 ras016 -> //scrfs/storage/ras016
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 raungar -> /scrfs/storage/raungar
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 rcoridan -> /scrfs/storage/rcoridan
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 rehaleoo -> /scrfs/storage/rehaleoo
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 rehardma -> /scrfs/storage/rehardma
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan  7 12:57 remiarras -> /scrfs/storage/remiarras
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 rgpalmer -> /scrfs/storage/rgpalmer
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 rguttarw -> /scrfs/storage/rguttarw
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 rharris -> /scrfs/storage/rharris
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 rhmanso -> /scrfs/storage/rhmanso
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 rkmandal -> /scrfs/storage/rkmandal
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 rlromo -> /scrfs/storage/rlromo
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 rmrashid -> //scrfs/storage/rmrashid
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 rmshumat -> /scrfs/storage/rmshumat
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 rmsnyder -> //scrfs/storage/rmsnyder
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 rossetti -> /scrfs/storage/rossetti
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 rpilgrim -> /scrfs/storage/rpilgrim
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    18 Jan  7 12:57 rps -> /scrfs/storage/rps
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 rpsander -> /scrfs/storage/rpsander
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 rrsantha -> /scrfs/storage/rrsantha
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 rrwalter -> //scrfs/storage/rrwalter
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 rspacek -> /scrfs/storage/rspacek
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 ruck -> /scrfs/storage/ruck
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 ruiwang -> /scrfs/storage/ruiwang
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 ruixi -> /scrfs/storage/ruixi
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 rwalter -> /scrfs/storage/rwalter
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 24 14:46 rwretnan -> //scrfs/storage/rwretnan
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 ry001 -> /scrfs/storage/ry001
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 ryunakae -> /scrfs/storage/ryunakae
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 saalrash -> /scrfs/storage/saalrash
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    25 Jan  7 12:57 sabhabdari -> /scrfs/storage/sabhabdari
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 sagautam -> /scrfs/storage/sagautam
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 sagrawal -> /scrfs/storage/sagrawal
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 sakarimi -> /scrfs/storage/sakarimi
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 saphinya -> /scrfs/storage/saphinya
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 saw012 -> /scrfs/storage/saw012
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 sbarraza -> /scrfs/storage/sbarraza
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan 28 15:42 scheald -> //scrfs/storage/scheald
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 sdchalla -> /scrfs/storage/sdchalla
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 sdpotdar -> /scrfs/storage/sdpotdar
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 seg013 -> /scrfs/storage/seg013
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 semuller -> /scrfs/storage/semuller
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 sfbaniha -> /scrfs/storage/sfbaniha
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 17 12:38 sfwashbu -> //scrfs/storage/sfwashbu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 shbinom -> /scrfs/storage/shbinom
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 shew -> /scrfs/storage/shew
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 shtabari -> /scrfs/storage/shtabari
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Feb 10 12:25 simontye -> //scrfs/storage/simontye
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 sjun -> /scrfs/storage/sjun
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 sk033 -> /scrfs/storage/sk033
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan 28 15:42 skbyrd -> //scrfs/storage/skbyrd
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 skchewni -> /scrfs/storage/skchewni
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Feb  3 13:35 sllenadu -> //scrfs/storage/sllenadu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 slpieper -> //scrfs/storage/slpieper
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 sm056 -> /scrfs/storage/sm056
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 smalgarn -> /scrfs/storage/smalgarn
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan 28 15:42 smj038 -> //scrfs/storage/smj038
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 sml008 -> /scrfs/storage/sml008
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 snath -> /scrfs/storage/snath
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 snurre -> /scrfs/storage/snurre
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 soldfiel -> /scrfs/storage/soldfiel
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 songfeng -> /scrfs/storage/songfeng
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 sp050 -> /scrfs/storage/sp050
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 spounder -> //scrfs/storage/spounder
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 sppoudel -> /scrfs/storage/sppoudel
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 sprossan -> /scrfs/storage/sprossan
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 sqiu -> /scrfs/storage/sqiu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 srijal -> /scrfs/storage/srijal
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 srlamich -> /scrfs/storage/srlamich
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 sservoss -> /scrfs/storage/sservoss
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 sthalla -> /scrfs/storage/sthalla
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 sv015 -> /scrfs/storage/sv015
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    28 Jan  7 12:57 svchintapalli -> /scrfs/storage/svchintapalli
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 swangmo -> /scrfs/storage/swangmo
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan 28 15:42 swe001 -> //scrfs/storage/swe001
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 sweston -> /scrfs/storage/sweston
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 sxs077 -> /scrfs/storage/sxs077
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    18 Jan  7 12:57 syu -> /scrfs/storage/syu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 tachavez -> /scrfs/storage/tachavez
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    26 Jan  7 12:57 tangyuanhui -> /scrfs/storage/tangyuanhui
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 tasalem -> /scrfs/storage/tasalem
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 tastrang -> /scrfs/storage/tastrang
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 tavillio -> /scrfs/storage/tavillio
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 tbayaraa -> /scrfs/storage/tbayaraa
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 tbbishop -> /scrfs/storage/tbbishop
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 tbui -> /scrfs/storage/tbui
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 tdstout -> /scrfs/storage/tdstout
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 tfkamuch -> /scrfs/storage/tfkamuch
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 tgarner -> /scrfs/storage/tgarner
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 tgoodhar -> /scrfs/storage/tgoodhar
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    18 Jan  7 12:57 the -> /scrfs/storage/the
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 ting -> /scrfs/storage/ting
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 tjandik -> /scrfs/storage/tjandik
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 tjharkey -> /scrfs/storage/tjharkey
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 tjscarbr -> /scrfs/storage/tjscarbr
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 tkaman -> /scrfs/storage/tkaman
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 tkchafin -> /scrfs/storage/tkchafin
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 tnakov -> /scrfs/storage/tnakov
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    18 Jan  7 12:57 tos -> /scrfs/storage/tos
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 tpatra -> /scrfs/storage/tpatra
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 tpkaloni -> /scrfs/storage/tpkaloni
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 trr007 -> /scrfs/storage/trr007
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 ttsai -> /scrfs/storage/ttsai
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 txho -> /scrfs/storage/txho
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 txj001 -> /scrfs/storage/txj001
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 uhisu -> /scrfs/storage/uhisu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 vagrawal -> /scrfs/storage/vagrawal
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Jan 28 15:42 vbhalter -> //scrfs/storage/vbhalter
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 vgovindk -> /scrfs/storage/vgovindk
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 vgreen -> /scrfs/storage/vgreen
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 vibhas -> /scrfs/storage/vibhas
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 vickers -> /scrfs/storage/vickers
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 vvvesm -> /scrfs/storage/vvvesm
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 wader -> /scrfs/storage/wader
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 wamurchi -> /scrfs/storage/wamurchi
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 watt -> /scrfs/storage/watt
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 wdhawkin -> /scrfs/storage/wdhawkin
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 wenboxu -> /scrfs/storage/wenboxu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 wetges -> /scrfs/storage/wetges
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 wgjohns -> /scrfs/storage/wgjohns
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    24 Feb 10 12:25 whkirkpa -> //scrfs/storage/whkirkpa
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 wlfarris -> /scrfs/storage/wlfarris
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 wmccumbe -> /scrfs/storage/wmccumbe
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 wolinski -> /scrfs/storage/wolinski
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 wpharvey -> /scrfs/storage/wpharvey
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 wravelom -> /scrfs/storage/wravelom
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    18 Jan  7 12:57 wuj -> /scrfs/storage/wuj
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan 28 15:42 wws002 -> //scrfs/storage/wws002
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 xl014 -> /scrfs/storage/xl014
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 xl027 -> /scrfs/storage/xl027
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 xqian -> /scrfs/storage/xqian
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 xs005 -> /scrfs/storage/xs005
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 xw010 -> /scrfs/storage/xw010
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan 16 12:04 xw027 -> //scrfs/storage/xw027
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 xxw033 -> /scrfs/storage/xxw033
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 yacummin -> /scrfs/storage/yacummin
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 yaliyang -> /scrfs/storage/yaliyang
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 ychiao -> /scrfs/storage/ychiao
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    18 Jan  7 12:57 ydu -> /scrfs/storage/ydu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 yingyuan -> /scrfs/storage/yingyuan
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 ykwon -> /scrfs/storage/ykwon
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 yl038 -> /scrfs/storage/yl038
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 ynahas -> /scrfs/storage/ynahas
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 yongwang -> /scrfs/storage/yongwang
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    22 Jan  7 12:57 yspatel -> /scrfs/storage/yspatel
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan 27 11:07 ytter -> //scrfs/storage/ytter
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 yuconggu -> /scrfs/storage/yuconggu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 yumyai -> /scrfs/storage/yumyai
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 yxy027 -> /scrfs/storage/yxy027
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 yyrwater -> /scrfs/storage/yyrwater
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    21 Jan  7 12:57 yzhang -> /scrfs/storage/yzhang
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 zdzbinde -> /scrfs/storage/zdzbinde
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 zgui -> /scrfs/storage/zgui
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 zhexizhu -> /scrfs/storage/zhexizhu
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    19 Jan  7 12:57 zhma -> /scrfs/storage/zhma
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 zhouw -> /scrfs/storage/zhouw
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    20 Jan  7 12:57 zj004 -> /scrfs/storage/zj004
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 zmohamma -> /scrfs/storage/zmohamma
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 ztpender -> /scrfs/storage/ztpender
lrwxrwxrwx   1 root root    23 Jan  7 12:57 zymuhamm -> /scrfs/storage/zymuhamm
tres-l2:astrose:/storage$ cd astrose
tres-l2:astrose:/storage/astrose$ ls -al
total 76
drwxr-xr-x   4 astrose jpummil  4096 Feb 17 09:42 .
drwxr-xr-x 982 root    root    61440 Feb 17 09:25 ..
drwxr-xr-x  21 astrose jpummil  4096 Feb 12 09:10 home
drwxr-xr-x   5 astrose jpummil  4096 Feb 17 09:42 watermelon_files
tres-l2:astrose:/storage/astrose$ module avail

--------------------------------------------------------------------- /share/apps/modules/Modules/versions ----------------------------------------------------------------------
3.2.10

---------------------------------------------------------------- /share/apps/modules/Modules/3.2.10/modulefiles -----------------------------------------------------------------
abinit/8.0.8b                epa-ng/0.3.6                 idb/11.1                     moose/2014-10-20             PGI/19.4                     sbt/1.3.7
abyss/1.3.3(default)         exonerate/2.4.0              idba/1.1.3                   mothur/1.39.1                PGI/2016                     sepp/4.3.5
abyss/1.3.3-old              fastqc/0.11.5                ifort/14.0.3(default)        mothur/1.39.1-intel-impi     PGI/2016.5                   sepp/4.3.7
abyss/1.3.5                  fasttree/2.1.10              ifort/16.0.1                 mpfr/4.0.2                   PGI/2017                     sickle/1.33
abyss/1.3.5-openmp           fastx/0.0.14                 ifort/17.0.4                 mpiblast/1.6.0               picard-tools/2.1.1           siesta/3.2-pl4
abyss/2.0.2                  fftw/2.1.5(default)          ifort/17.0.7                 mpt/2.11(default)            picard-tools/2.17.10         singularity/2.4
alamode/1.0.2                fftw/3.2.2                   ifort/18.0.1                 mrbayes/3.2.6                pindel/0.2.5a8               singularity/2.5.2
allpaths/51279               fftw/3.3.4                   ifort/18.0.2                 mrbayes/3.2.6-mpi            pitchfork/5.3                singularity/3.2.1(default)
amber/16_17_gpu              fftw/3.3.4-double            ifort/19.0.4                 MUMmer/3.23                  platform_mpi/9.1.2           smrt/2.3.0.140936
amber/16_17_intel            fftw/3.3.4-double-openmp     ifort/19.0.5                 muscle/3.8.31                plink/1.90b6.10              smrt/6.0
annovar/1.0                  fftw/3.3.4-double-openmp-old impi/17.0.4                  mvapich2/2.1(default)        plink/1.90b6.6               snap/2013-11-29
apache-maven/3.5.0           fftw/3.3.4-openmpi           impi/17.0.7                  mvapich2/2.1-old             plink/3.46                   soapdenovo2/r240
arbd/jan18                   fftw/3.3.6                   impi/18.0.1                  mvapich2/2.2                 plink/5.2                    spades/3.11.1(default)
augustus/3.2.2               fftw/3.3.8                   impi/18.0.2                  mvapich2/2.3.1               pqs/4.0-4                    spades/3.12.0
bam2fastq/1.1.0              fftw/3.3.8n                  impi/19.0.4                  mvapich2/2.3.2               pqs/4.0-8                    spades/3.6.0
bbmap/34.30                  flash/1.2.11                 impi/19.0.5                  mvapich2/2.3.3               proj/5.0.1                   spark/1.6.1
bedtools2/2.25.0             flye/2.3.3                   impi/5.0.0                   namd/2.11                    proj.4/4.8.0                 spark/2.3.0
bib/1.0                      flye/2.6                     impi/5.1.1                   namd/2.12                    pvm/3.4.6                    spark/2.4.4
blasr/5.3                    gadget/2.03-SF(default)      impi/5.1.2(default)          namd/2.13-mc                 python/2.7.11                spglib/gcc-1.10.4
blast/2.3.0+                 gadget/2.0.7-SF              infernal/1.1.1               namd/2.13-mc-gpu             python/2.7.13-anaconda       spglib/intel-1.10.4
blast/2.4.0+                 galamost/3.1.0               intel/14.0.3(default)        ncl/6.2.1                    python/2.7.15                spglib/intel-1.13
blast/2.6.0+                 galamost/3.1.0-new           intel/16.0.1                 ncl/6.3.0                    python/2.7.15-anaconda       sra-tools/2.7.0
blast/2.9.0+                 galamost/3.1.0-old           intel/17.0.4                 netcdf/4.4.1.1               python/2.7.15b               sra-tools/2.8.1-3(default)
blat/35                      galamost/3.1.0-single-cc35   intel/17.0.7                 netcdf/4.5.0                 python/2.7.16-anaconda       sra-tools/2.9.0
boost/1.60.0                 galamost/3.1.0-tyh           intel/18.0.1                 nim/0.18.0                   python/2.7.16-intel          ssu-align/0.1.1
boost/1.65.1                 gamess/5.1.2012              intel/18.0.2                 null                         python/2.7.3                 stacks/1.48
bowtie/0.12.8                gappa/1.3.5                  intel/19.0.4                 nwchem/6.1.1                 python/2.7.5                 stacks/2.0B8C
bowtie/1.0.1                 gcc/4.7.2                    intel/19.0.5                 open64/4.2.4                 python/2.7.9                 stacks/2.0B9
bowtie2/2.1.0                gcc/4.8.5                    isown/1.0                    openblas/0.3.0-noomp         python/2.7-rh                stacks/2.41
bowtie2/2.2.3(default)       gcc/4.9.1(default)           jags/4.1.0                   openblas/0.3.0-omp           python/3.5.1                 STAR/2.5
bowtie2/2.2.8                gcc/4.9.1-test               java/ibmjdk_1.8.0            opencl/intel_1.2             python/3.6.0                 sunstudio/12.1
bowtie2/2.3.3                gcc/5.2.1                    java/openjdk_1.7.0           opencv/2.0.0                 python/3.6.0-anaconda        sunstudio/12.2(default)
bowtie2/2.3.3-binary         gcc/5.3.1                    java/openjdk_1.8.0           opencv/2.4.13                python/3.6.8-intel           swat/rev583
bowtie2/2.3.4.1              gcc/6.3.1                    java/openjdk_1.8.0_20        opencv/3.2.0                 python/3.7.3-anaconda        swat/rev614
bowtie2/2.3.5.1              gcc/7.2.1                    java/sunjdk_1.7.0            openfoam/2.1.0               python/anaconda-2.7.13       swat/rev622(default)
busco/1.1b1                  gcc/7.3.1                    java/sunjdk_1.7.0_80         openfoam/2.2.2(default)      python/anaconda-2.7.15       swat/rev629
busco/3.0.1                  gcc/8.2.1                    java/sunjdk_1.8.0(default)   openfoam/2.2.2b              python/anaconda-2.7.16       swig/3.0.5
bwa/0.7.10                   gcc/8.3.1                    java/sunjdk_1.8.0_72         openfoam/test                python/anaconda-3.6.0        symphony/v5.3.3
bwa/0.7.17(default)          gcta/1.91.3beta              java/sunjdk_1.8.0_92         openfoam/test2               python/anaconda-3.7.3        tabix/0.2.5
bwa/0.7.9a                   gctf/1.06                    jellyfish/2.2.6              openfoam/test3               python/intel-2.7.16          tabix/1.5
canu/1.3                     gdal/1.11.1                  kallisto/0.43.1              openmpi/1.6.5                python/intel-3.6.8           tassel/5.0
canu/1.7                     gdal/2.2.4                   last/719                     openmpi/1.8.6                python/rh27                  tbb/17.0.4
cdhit/4.6.5                  gemma/0.94.1                 LIGGGHTS/1                   openmpi/1.8.8(default)       qbox/1.63.5                  tcltk/8.6.4
cdhit/4.6.8                  gemma/0.97                   mafft/7.304b                 openmpi/1.8.8-torque         qiime/1.9.1                  tophat/2.1.1
changa/2.0(default)          genometools/1.5.8            maker/2.31.8                 openmpi/2.0.4-torque         qlogicmpi/1.2.7              transdecoder/2.0.1(default)
cistem/1.0.0-beta            geos/3.6.2                   maker/2.31.9                 openmpi/2.1.2                qmcpack/rev6406              trilinos/11.0.3
clustalw/2.1                 glpk/4.55                    matlab/r2017a                openmpi/3.0.3                quast/2.3                    trinity/12.10.05
cmake/3.13.3                 gmp/6.1.2                    matlab/r2019a                openmpi/3.0.3-torque         quast/5.0.0                  trinity/13.02.25(default)
cmake/3.5.2                  gnuplot/5.0.4                matlab/r2019b                openmpi/3.1.4                R/3.3.2                      trinity/2.0.2
cnvnator/1.0.0               gnuplot/5.2.0                maven/3.6.3                  openmpi/4.0.1                R/3.4.3(default)             trinity/2.2.0
cplex/12.4(default)          gotoblas2/1.09(default)      mcl/14-137                   openmpi/4.0.2                R/3.4.3-deprecated           trinity/2.3.2
cplex/12.6.3                 gotoblas2/1.09-static        meep/1.3                     orca/3.0.3                   R/3.4.4                      trinity/2.4.0
cplex/12.8.0                 grass/7.0-cvn                megahit/1.1.3                orca/4.1.2                   R/3.6.1                      usearch/6.1
crb-blast/1.6.6              gromacs/2016.3               MetaGeneMark/3.38            orthofinder/2.2.6            R/MR3.4.2                    usearch/8.0
croco/1.1                    gromacs/2019.3               migrate-n/3.6.6              os/el5                       randfold/2.0.1               usearch/8.1
cuda/10.1                    gromacs/4.6.7                miniasm/1.0                  os/el6                       raxml/8.2.11                 use.own
cuda/5.5                     gsl/1.15-gcc                 minimap2/2.1                 os/el7                       raxml/8.2.9                  vcftools/0.1.15
cuda/7.5                     gsl/1.16-intel-mkl           miRDeep/2.0.0.7              PAML/4.6                     rDock/2013.1                 velvet/1.2.06
cuda/8.0                     gsl/2.3-intel-mkl            miRDeep/2.0.0.8              PAML/4.8                     reapr/8.0.20                 velvet/1.2.10(default)
cuda/8.0.61                  gsl/2.4-gcc                  mkl/14.0.3(default)          PAML/4.9e                    relion/3.0                   ViennaRNA/2.2.8
cuda/9.0                     gurobi/5.5.0                 mkl/16.0.1                   parallel/20160422            relion/3.0-tiff-gpu          VirtualGL/2.5.2-1
cuda/9.1                     gurobi/6.0.5                 mkl/17.0.4                   parallel/20160622            RepeatMasker/4.0.7           visit/2.5.2
cuda/9.2                     gurobi/6.5.0                 mkl/17.0.7                   pathscale/5.0.5              rsem/1.3.0                   vmd/1.9.3
cufflinks/2.2.1              gurobi/7.5.2(default)        mkl/18.0.1                   PBSuite/15.8.24              sage/8.8                     wien2k/16.1
curl/7.60.0                  gurobi/v4.0.1                mkl/18.0.2                   pcit/1.0                     sage/9.0                     wien2k/18.2
datamash/1.3                 hadoop/2.10.0                mkl/19.0.4                   pear/0.9.6                   salmon/0.14.1(default)       wien2k/19.1
dDocent/2.02                 hdf5/1.10.5                  mkl/19.0.5                   perl/5(default)              salmon/0.8.2                 wien2k/19.2
deepTools/2.2.4              hdf5/1.8.18                  mkl/test                     perl/5.24.0                  samsa/2.0                    wise2/2.4.1
dot                          hdf5/1.8.19                  module-git                   petsc/3.10.5                 samstat/1.5.1
edirect/8.10                 hisat2/2.0.3-beta            module-info                  petsc/3.11.3                 samtools/0.1.19
elmer/1.0                    hisat2/2.1.0(default)        modules                      petsc/3.8.58                 samtools/1.3
emboss/6.6.0                 hmmer/3.1b2                  mono/2.6.1                   PGI/18.10                    samtools/1.4
EnTAP/0.8.1                  hpcx/ompi-2.4.1.0            mono/3.10.0                  PGI/18.4                     samtools/1.9

-------------------------------------------------------------------- /share/apps/modules/Modules/deprecated ---------------------------------------------------------------------
intel/13.1.0
tres-l2:astrose:/storage/astrose$ module load blast/2.6.0+
tres-l2:astrose:/storage/astrose$ makeblastdb
USAGE
  makeblastdb [-h] [-help] [-in input_file] [-input_type type]
    -dbtype molecule_type [-title database_title] [-parse_seqids]
    [-hash_index] [-mask_data mask_data_files] [-mask_id mask_algo_ids]
    [-mask_desc mask_algo_descriptions] [-gi_mask]
    [-gi_mask_name gi_based_mask_names] [-out database_name]
    [-max_file_sz number_of_bytes] [-logfile File_Name] [-taxid TaxID]
    [-taxid_map TaxIDMapFile] [-version]

DESCRIPTION
   Application to create BLAST databases, version 2.6.0+

Use '-help' to print detailed descriptions of command line arguments
========================================================================

Error: Argument "dbtype". Mandatory value is missing:  `String, `nucl', `prot''
Error:  (CArgException::eNoArg) Argument "dbtype". Mandatory value is missing:  `String, `nucl', `prot''
tres-l2:astrose:/storage/astrose$ qsub -I
qsub: waiting for job 1558182.torque to start
qsub: job 1558182.torque ready

/var/spool/torque/mom_priv/prologue: line 21: [: walltime=00: integer expression expected
Currently Loaded Modulefiles:
  1) os/el6
tres1015:astrose:~$ module load blast/2.6.0+
tres1015:astrose:~$ makeblastdb
USAGE
  makeblastdb [-h] [-help] [-in input_file] [-input_type type]
    -dbtype molecule_type [-title database_title] [-parse_seqids]
    [-hash_index] [-mask_data mask_data_files] [-mask_id mask_algo_ids]
    [-mask_desc mask_algo_descriptions] [-gi_mask]
    [-gi_mask_name gi_based_mask_names] [-out database_name]
    [-max_file_sz number_of_bytes] [-logfile File_Name] [-taxid TaxID]
    [-taxid_map TaxIDMapFile] [-version]

DESCRIPTION
   Application to create BLAST databases, version 2.6.0+

Use '-help' to print detailed descriptions of command line arguments
========================================================================

Error: Argument "dbtype". Mandatory value is missing:  `String, `nucl', `prot''
Error:  (CArgException::eNoArg) Argument "dbtype". Mandatory value is missing:  `String, `nucl', `prot''
tres1015:astrose:~$ cd /storage/astrose
tres1015:astrose:/storage/astrose$ makeblastdb help| less
tres1015:astrose:/storage/astrose$ ls -al
total 76
drwxr-xr-x   4 astrose jpummil  4096 Feb 17 09:42 .
drwxr-xr-x 982 root    root    61440 Feb 17 09:25 ..
drwxr-xr-x  21 astrose jpummil  4096 Feb 12 09:10 home
drwxr-xr-x   5 astrose jpummil  4096 Feb 17 09:42 watermelon_files
tres1015:astrose:/storage/astrose$ cf watermelon_files/
-bash: cf: command not found
tres1015:astrose:/storage/astrose$ cd watermelon_files/
tres1015:astrose:/storage/astrose/watermelon_files$ makeblastdb -in watermelon.fsa -dbtype nucl


Building a new DB, current time: 02/17/2020 09:51:25
New DB name:   /scrfs/storage/astrose/watermelon_files/watermelon.fsa
New DB title:  watermelon.fsa
Sequence type: Nucleotide
Keep MBits: T
Maximum file size: 1000000000B
Adding sequences from FASTA; added 1 sequences in 0.0130198 seconds.
tres1015:astrose:/storage/astrose/watermelon_files$ ls -alt| less
tres1015:astrose:/storage/astrose/watermelon_files$ q
